Alex: I've been looking at this problem about forming the largest multiple of three by concatenating digits. It's quite an interesting challenge. Any initial thoughts?

Jamie: Oh, intriguing! To start, a number is divisible by three if the sum of its digits is divisible by three. So, our solution needs to somehow incorporate that.

Taylor: Right, so we first need to sum up all the digits. But there's a catch. If the sum isn't divisible by three, we can't use all the digits. We might need to remove the smallest digit that gets us closer to a multiple of three.

Alex: That's a good point. But remember, we might have to remove more than one digit. If removing one digit doesn't make the sum divisible by three, we might need to remove two digits.

Jamie: Exactly, but there's an order to which digits to remove, right? We should start with removing the smallest digit that makes the sum leave a remainder of one or two when divided by three, depending on the situation.

Taylor: True. And if we have to remove two digits, we should look for the smallest pair whose sum leaves the correct remainder. It gets tricky, but it's all about minimizing the impact on the final number.

Alex: I guess after dealing with the divisibility, we just sort the remaining digits in descending order and concatenate them to form the largest number possible.

Jamie: Yep, but we also have to be careful with leading zeros. If after all the removals and sorting all we have are zeros, our answer should just be "0".

Taylor: That makes sense. Oh, and for the implementation, we probably need to count the occurrences of each digit, right? That way, we can easily manage the removals and the sorting.

Alex: Right, counting the digits would simplify things. We can simply decrement the count as we remove digits. It's efficient and keeps the implementation clean.

Jamie: This approach should also help us handle large arrays efficiently, considering the constraint goes up to 10^4 elements. I think we've got a solid plan here.

Taylor: Agreed. It's a matter of careful implementation now. Keeping track of digit counts and knowing when and what to remove to ensure divisibility by three is key.

Alex: Perfect, let's draft the algorithm based on this discussion and then move on to coding it. Thanks for the insights, Jamie and Taylor!

Jamie: Anytime, glad we could hash it out.

Taylor: Yeah, this was a great teamwork. Looking forward to seeing our algorithm in action!